All candidates have reported
Please raise your hands to vote on Lin Ziyun
waiter
Impossible. He has only been in the company for a few days.
I'm not qualified to be a director at all
You didn't make trouble at the meeting
Lu is always unfair
Don't ignore my dedication to the company
late and leave early
Mr. Shang chats about your contribution
Do you want to open a fish farm for the company?
Mr. Lu is not here for you to speak
Jiang Ziyu demoted to planner
Mr. Lu adjourned
I don't agree with us to have another fight
Like what?
It's about to be an exhibition auction with the master
Let's see who gets his favor first
Get the signature
I write my own meaning just by moving my hands
If I win
You have to make room for me.
If you lose, you have to give me a typo
Gu Tianyun, there is Mr. Lu behind me
You will lose
I heard that the factory where you broke up at that time was not strict enough
Why did you promise him? It doesn't matter.
You are free!
Everything
Hurry up and help me contact the painting and calligraphy agent, boy.
I want to meet him.
If you chase stars like this, you will not be afraid of the wind.
Make it, don't talk nonsense
I have to make it clear to everyone. Go
I have to lower the ground.